c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\LocalizationTest.exe.config
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\LocalizationTest.exe
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\LocalizationTest.pdb
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\es\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\fr\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Form1.resources
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Form1.es.resources
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Form1.fr.resources
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\es\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\fr\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.exe
c:\users\barat_000\OneDrive\Dokumenty\Visual Studio 2013\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.pdb
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\LocalizationTest.exe.config
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\LocalizationTest.exe
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\LocalizationTest.pdb
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\es\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\bin\Debug\fr\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Form1.es.resources
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.Form1.fr.resources
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\es\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\fr\LocalizationTest.resources.dll
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.exe
C:\Users\Luckin\Desktop\Interlacer Github\Projekt\LocalizationTest\LocalizationTest\obj\Debug\LocalizationTest.pdb
